[Music]
what do you say let's see
what else is up dance let's see let's
see the topic of
[Music]
another video has already been uploaded
thanks randomly thank you very much
and that's enough for me and of a 1
are the arguments that the
comments leave you listen to me find out one thing
before I had to upload the video at the end
antonio david
before the video
emily thanks welcome sean de la
harina uploaded the video let's
see
no no he hasn't uploaded but he put something like that he
has uploaded something I have
done more direct more
direct for miguel dude suri贸
but what is this guy about what is this
guy about with this with this posture
but who does he think he is
sol forcing roll let's
see the things that are there den suddenly he
sent me a video we are going to see
a video that assumed those the one who is called
I have received the complaint from gino gamer hs
and I am going to the situation with the justice of the peace
of my town okay but it's that the move that
called me he sent me right now he
sent me and from a video
and he says here is
this  This is what they used for the
comments to tell you that you were
wrong
these are the arguments of having people in the
comments apparently
used to tell me that I was
wrong in what I said that it was
stupid to take the courts they
used this video they tell me that there are 6
that there are 3 but the 3 I'm not going to see
the three important ones Hayden I'm what your
mother
I'm in the sea and mother I'm taking a bath
mother with Manuela my new friend mother
don't talk the bathroom door mom I don't
even want toys and video games I
want a latch for the
bathroom door people
the ceiling the page but who are you
to say anything from afar scoundrel
that you alone don't do a [ __ ] thing what would
be here there to bother what does
a knowledge say people the extraction when being it
is squeezing people six viewers
in tweets people six viewers I
want to hear the filthy Manuela as a
girl
let's see mom let's see mom I'm
in the bathroom mother I'm taking a bath mother with
Manuel friend Eba friend mother don't talk
the bathroom door mom says Pilar that
comes from the steelworks but it's whole the
money  gratac贸s stack
there's everything and pillar you who are
very well accustomed to my life for the
best
says watch it quickly these are the
only three videos that pass where
supposedly they insult each other and not have
done a [ __ ] stupid thing
this has no person place please
new is the bathroom door mother I'm
with manuelita my new friend
there
pointed way pointed way that
complained I yes yes yes yes yes yes
indeed we're
going to see people we're going to see three
wise men I don't want toys or
video games I want a latch for the
bathroom door people the same of all
the [ __ ]
to market or if you get a little cricket
even for you to appear in
court for things and the truth is what [ __ ]
then make to upload a video says is to
receive the complaint of gino gamer hs and I'm
going to the situation with the justice of the peace of
my town I imagine it will be a clip
you see a joke to the vouchers to
move it
a very good wave
[Music]
the jacket is discreet for the
Bulgarians the jacket the discreet
getting lost is lost heard in my
family case  in a very kind way
quite suddenly what is the
situation like my brother and I does what
the justice of the peace and now exactly
what do they want from us this
time if I am it has been more because
I am like that to a situation but don't
get nervous you don't have to
say absolutely anything better
everything is annulled or yes with the
lawyer of
lawyers you have to fear anything I have
received the blessed letterist I received
the wonderful little letter that I am going to show you
as is logical a letter to me when I
get a lawsuit I get a
thick book by Petete Xavi when half an hour
lawsuit I get an encyclopedia volume he
gave me bound and everything
and now this I see that they get the
complaints they are letters I say they
are very stupid well okay ok
absolutely nothing happens
we are going to fail but man egos it
is that it is very bad grapes that he sends you
the letter right in your family home
at this time I suppose that the boy would
know something that I was going to
receive
the letter imminently ah well
as I say as I say since the beginning this has
been a circus
let's continue with the circus as if
this  it was a nest documentary a
documentary about the TV factory
now my town is the park
well it's going to teach us well what
people don't think that all these
tanks that
people also throw their hands to their
heads they worry a lot
a little bit about knowing that the thing is serious well
because if not it is that it is from
tearing the clothes I say that we have to
take it seriously
in fact they are going to have to hold my
coat when I entered because I
should have gone a little more
a little extravagant no because then it gives a
bad impression
and then when the
real trial if there is one
most likely that already asia no longer because
this is already a step more but that
then this is going to subtract points from you
then well I had recommended you
in this case that it is very good in the
clothes with bleach and for the robberies and the
bullet
dramatic
the rabbits in the morning early
on top of the letter
well that is called milk also a
little man could have was expected
January everything is done with enough bad
blood
could during bad blood is what I am
going to tell him something about peace
a man who seems
and on top of  Apparently I have to give
thanks because they haven't called me in
Granada,
in Ja茅n capital,
or at least they can do this in the
same game.
Well, that's something to be thankful for. The man is
so nice, he knows. No thank you, I
appreciate it so much.
I
know
where
the open doors are. They want us to
come back
much smaller
and I think that from experience it
's not pleasant to be denounced.
Man, thanks to me, they've already called me to
testify twice.
Oh,
and man, it's unpleasant. A bad experience. A
bad experience because, well,
as I've told you several times, I had another
situation there in Granada that didn't come to
anything. That's why I say that this doesn't
mean
that situation didn't come to anything either because they
were also nonsense and the same
lawyer,
the boy's same lawyer,
withdrew it.
The man said this. As long as you don't
mess with him anymore,
when is anything going to happen and such? Well,
but there is room, yes, the base
and there's something that we have to keep in
mind that with this YouTube thing,
social networks, Twitter, it can be useful to
us, it may even be
good, it can serve as a warning.
Maybe it won't come to anything.
Distrust God willing, but America doesn't
arrive, let it be displayed as a warning,
still talking.  over here
here it comes and I could have
edited the video at minute 82
you forgot one thing lover most
of life
a second
and also about the coat that I would win
playing
be in the middle of wind
to see
how this turns out
and I wait here
[Music]
you're going to pass I
have to come here far away because it's that I
can't stand Christmas carols and above all anyway
a sad day like this it seems
that it's already coming out sorry
[Music]
it's coming out
the gout can get worse to the income of
the diagrams see sometime the channel
undo but the idol and the lightning seems
a little
to worried a crestfallen I don't think he has
received very good news but oh
well nothing happens
[ __ ] really the thing about the Christmas carols is
horrible it's
called bearable only in real stain
only in keeping it
well let's
see good or we come back bad for
prophetic effect
when the bells ring for nothing
dead
[Music]
simple
desired everything in the town hall
a [ __ ] doesn't pass a jewel
and we've
been here for a quarter of an hour to eat
a chicken
[Music]
but why
[Music] they do
n't have how because he pointed out that he received
but that is what he received to the
situation
and they shouldn't ban the internet to
those of us who have calls of 12 more than 35
I think they should ban the level
of Paulo at least
and
then it is worth as a situation or not
whatever it is and I am presentable and
man
and you have sent me these
inverted doctors that we are not sending anything
out of here
amen
well well that's it
[Music]
and as for the two people who
reported me that I learned a lot and
report things for real
[Music]
because man
why do you have that posted man I have always
seen him ss ss click there there is demand
for the video I am going to upload it to reaction
because I am not going to waste time in vain
not at least to carry anything but you
always saw that climate great meme to a
montage that they had made to mess
with him and it turns out that it is true
but well if we want to draw a
conclusion from the video well the video
is basically making fun of the turkey
who goes around saying that the reported one is
this is a sign that not that
neither  the arrival of nothing in short,
what we talked about at the time,
family moment
[Music]